## Future

- A future (lower case "f") is an instance of the [Future](https://api.dart.dev/stable/dart-async/Future-class.html) (capitalized "F") class. A future represents the result of an asynchronous operation, and can have two states: uncompleted or completed. (_Uncompleted_ is a Dart term referring to the state of a future before it has produced a value.)

**Quick review**

- A [Future<T>](https://api.dart.dev/stable/dart-async/Future-class.html) instance produces a value of type `T`.
- If a future doesn't produce a usable value, then the future's type is `Future<void>`.
- A future can be in one of two states: uncompleted or completed.
- When you call a function that returns a future, the function queues up work to be done and returns an uncompleted future.
- When a future's operation finishes, the future completes with a value or with an error.

**Key terms:**

- **Future**: the Dart [Future](https://api.dart.dev/stable/dart-async/Future-class.html) class.
- **future**: an instance of the Dart `Future` class.

## Asynce and await

- The `async` and `await` keywords provide a declarative way to define asynchronous functions and use their results.

## Stream

- A stream is a sequence of asynchronous events. It is like an asynchronous Iterable—where, instead of getting the next event when you ask for it, the stream tells you that there is an event when it is ready.

**Two kinds of streams** [#](https://dart.dev/tutorials/language/streams#two-kinds-of-streams)

There are two kinds of streams.

**Single subscription streams** [#](https://dart.dev/tutorials/language/streams#single-subscription-streams)

The most common kind of stream contains a sequence of events that are parts of a larger whole. Events need to be delivered in the correct order and without missing any of them. This is the kind of stream you get when you read a file or receive a web request.

Such a stream can only be listened to once. Listening again later could mean missing out on initial events, and then the rest of the stream makes no sense. When you start listening, the data will be fetched and provided in chunks.

**Broadcast streams** [#](https://dart.dev/tutorials/language/streams#broadcast-streams)

The other kind of stream is intended for individual messages that can be handled one at a time. This kind of stream can be used for mouse events in a browser, for example.

You can start listening to such a stream at any time, and you get the events that are fired while you listen. More than one listener can listen at the same time, and you can listen again later after canceling a previous subscription.
