## Firebase error

Don't get USER_NOT_FOUND Error codes of Firebase Auth in Flutter App (ONLY get INVALID_LOGIN_CREDENTIALS)

**The reason is:**
For Firebase projects created since September 15 2023, the setting to protect against email enumeration is enabled by default. This setting makes it harder for malicious user to find out what users are in your project by changing the responses of some APIs, and disabling other APIs completely.

    You should note that if the person trying to sign in is a malicious user, and you tell them that the email address definitely exists or not, then you have given them information about how to further attack your system. You should simply tell them that the pair of email/password is not valid so that they don't have much more information than when they started attacking your app. Please protect the privacy of your users and don't disclose account information to attackers.

[Reference](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/77249904/i-dont-get-error-codes-of-firebase-auth-in-my-flutter-app-i-only-get-invalid-l)

## Email enumeration attack

Email enumeration is a type of brute-force attack in which a malicious actor attempts to guess or confirm users in a system by passing an email address to the API and checking the response.

Without email enumeration protection, Identity Platform returns information that can be used in an email enumeration attack:

    An attempt is made to sign in with an email address that doesn't exist in the system. Identity Platform returns an EMAIL_NOT_FOUND error.

    An attempt is made to sign up with an email address that already exists in the system. Identity Platform returns an EMAIL_EXISTS error.
