1. **Go doesn't have ternary operator:**    
  There is no ternary testing operation in Go. You may use the following to achieve the same result:

    ```go
    if expr {
        n = trueVal
    } else {
        n = falseVal
    }
    ```

    The reason ?: is absent from Go is that the language's designers had seen the operation used too often to create impenetrably complex expressions. The if-else       form, although longer, is unquestionably clearer. A language needs only one conditional control flow construct.

2. **Avoid docker-compose rebuild after each Gemfile update:**    
  When you run docker-compose run --rm app bundle install, you create the new container, install new gems into it (this operation updates Gemfile.lock, and you see this changes, because your project dir is mounted to container), and exit. Container gets removed because of --rm flag. Changes made in container don't affect image.

    To avoid image rebuilding on each gem install, you can add a service to store gems. Here is modified docker-compose.yml, based on the one from docs.

    ```yml
    version: '3'
    services:
      db:
        image: postgres
      web:
        build: .
        command: bash -c "bundle install && bundle exec rails s -p 3000 -b 0.0.0.0"
        volumes:
          - .:/myapp
          - bundle_cache:/bundle_cache
        ports:
          - "3000:3000"
        depends_on:
          - db
        environment:
          - BUNDLE_PATH=/bundle_cache
      bundle_cache:
        image: busybox
        volumes:
          - bundle_cache:/bundle_cache

    volumes:
      bundle_cache:
    ```

    When you use container that stores gems for all your app containers, you don't need to rebuild image because of adding new gems at all until you run docker-compose down that deletes all your containers (it's really rarely needed) or until you delete bundle_cache container yourself. And of course you don't need to use bundle exec for each container where you want to install new gems. So it's much easier and time-saving.

    This, however, requires additional bundle install after initial docker-compose build, because on the creation and first mounting /bundle_cache to the container with application it will be empty. But after that your gems will be stored in the separate container, and this storage will be available for each started application container. 
